well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
transitionary periods
you know we we know we have them
historically speaking
they occur all the time when we're
talking about countries
they uh the us for the last few years
has certainly been
in a transitionary period but they
happen in our personal lives as well
you know over the last few years a lot
of my friends have gone through changes
and because i'm their friend i want to
celebrate it well
i had a friend that got promoted he was
in the army
could not wait to call him top
another friend she finished her
doctorate
couldn't wait to call her doctor now
partially because her last name is jones
and her field is archaeology and i mean
come on
another friend couple actually
they uh been trying to have a kid for
years
i had to go to a specialist finally took
could not wait to call her mom
another friend got married
and uh first thing i said to her
afterward
was addressing her by her new name
friend got promoted
at work been at that company forever
couldn't wait to call him director
another friend in the military went uh
from enlisted to officer
couldn't wait to call him sir
another friend not such a great scenario
she got divorced
could not wait to call her miss and use
her maiden name
because in this case
that person she was married to
didn't really uh let her be who she was
really kind of kept her down
so that new title
and that other name gave her a lot of
freedom
really symbolized that for her it's a
good thing
i know some people change their entire
names
if somebody goes through a transitionary
period and you're their friend
you want to celebrate it with them you
want to take part in that
and if it comes with a new title a new
way of addressing them
you look forward to using it
if you're their friend if somebody goes
through
something goes through some form of
transition
and you refuse to use
the new way of addressing them
you're probably not their friend
you're probably not even a good person
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day